Dragon Palace Dragon Guard Changlongwu
At the order of the Dragon Lord
Longevity Tianshan means double
Polar Snow Lotus King
A nine-turn Huichun Dan
And a five-summer and one-gold book.
So many things!
It cost a lot of money
Xie Li Zhong is really shocked
Xiao Chen is really god
Lonely old, these are all my humiliations
There were delays on the way.
Looking forward to loneliness
Be patient.
It doesn't matter
Can I have a look at them?
Certainly!
Gu Lang, you haven't spoken for a long time
It seems that this ancient Xia I Ching is fake
But don't worry.
I'll order someone to put together the pieces
We must let the real ancient Xia I Ching reappear in the world
The true ancient Xia art is here
Almost got a counterfeit
Misguided child
What's not possible?
If what this stinky beggar says is true
Then he is
I've already said that Xiao Zhen won't talk big
Now do you believe it?
Brother Long, do you still remember me?
I, Ye Aoyun, the young master of Tengyun Mountain Club
We had a drink together
It was you
Brother Long, as the dragon leader
You must have seen the Dragon Lord
You help me see him
Is he the real Lord of the Dragon Palace?